Modify GCP service broker docs (#5727)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/service-catalog/13-02-gcp-broker.md

## Enable GCP Service Broker

> The GCP Service Broker is a preview implementation and should not be used in a production environment. To enable the GCP Service Broker only in a given Namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GCP Service Broker is a preview implementation and should not be used in a production environment. Run these commands to enable the GCP Service Broker in a given Namespace:
```
